Some small adjustments to README and env files (#1)
kaiquelupo/twilio-pulumi-provider-example: README.md

> ## How to Use

Reviewer: So in my PR, I actually trimmed the README file quite a bit and restructured the content: I put "How to Use" at the top then added a "Technology Stack" section where I left a brief description of Twilio, Pulumi, and your brief note on Dynamic Provider. What do you think about that, @kaiquelupo ? Maybe we can merge this PR first as I want to incorporate @gverni 's changes.

Before starting make sure you login with your Pulumi CLI. 

> 1. Create you Pulumi project file by copying the example (`cp Pulumi.example.yaml Pulumi.yaml`) and setting `name`, `runtime` (keep as it is) and `description`.

Reviewer 2: It is a old error but as you are already changing it, would you change "you" to "your" please?

> 1. Create you Pulumi project file by copying the example (`cp Pulumi.example.yaml Pulumi.yaml`) and setting `name`, `runtime` (keep as it is) and `description`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
1. Create your Pulumi project file by copying the example (`cp Pulumi.example.yaml Pulumi.yaml`) YAML and setting your project name and description. Leave the runtime and main fields unchanged.
```

This is what I have in a PR I would have opened but I thought I'd just piggyback on this one.

> 2. For development environment, you should copy the .dev.env.example (`cp .dev.env.example .dev.env`) and fill out the variables: 

Reviewer 2: I realized we don't need BRANCH_NAME nor ENVIRONMENT_NAME. It is probably left overs from old tests. Also you've missed the following variables: TWILIO_ACCOUNT_SID, TWILIO_AUTH_TOKEN.

Reviewer 2: What do you think of removing BRANCH_NAME and ENVIRONMENT_NAME for the .env example also?

> 2. For development environment, you should copy the .dev.env.example (`cp .dev.env.example .dev.env`) and fill out the variables: 

Reviewer: Can I suggest using `1.` for each list item? That should keep the numbering more consistent.

* `FLEX_WORKSPACE_SID`: This is the SID of the "Flex Task Assignment" TaskRouter Workspace in your Flex project
* `BRANCH_NAME`: This is the name you want to give to the Pulumi stack (e.g. `dev`)

> 3. Create two files called `.<BRANCH_NAME>.env` in  `serverless/autopilot` and `serverless/main`, where `BRACH_NAME` is the value of the variable set above. These files holds configuration for autoppilot and serverless. For this example you can leave them blank. 

Reviewer 2: There are some typos here such as `BRACH_NAME`and `autoppilot`

Reviewer 2: Also, I made a change in the `twilio-pulumi-provider` where in v0.0.8 we don't need to keep the .`<BRANCH_NAME>.env` files in serverless directories (`serverless/autopilot` and `serverless/main`) if no actual environment variable is inside. What do you think of rephasing this part and updating the package.json to use the v0.0.8 of the `twilio-pulumi-provider`?

Author: So, should we add a `(optional)` in front of step 3? I haven't tried v0.0.8 but what would happen if I add an `.env` in the subfolder? Would that be used?

> 3. Create two files called `.<BRANCH_NAME>.env` in  `serverless/autopilot` and `serverless/main`, where `BRACH_NAME` is the value of the variable set above. These files holds configuration for autoppilot and serverless. For this example you can leave them blank. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
3. Create two files called `.<BRANCH_NAME>.env` in  `serverless/autopilot` and `serverless/main`, where `BRANCH_NAME` is the value of the variable set above. These files hold the configuration details for Twilio's Autopilot and Serverless. You can leave them blank in this example.
```
